docs: add helper commands to contributing.md (#25480)
renovatebot/renovate: .github/contributing.md

That way you can be sure that the maintainer(s) agree on what to change and how, and you can hopefully get a quick merge afterwards.
Also, let the maintainers know that you plan to work on a particular issue so that no one else starts any duplicate work.

### Tests

Pull Requests can only be merged once all status checks are green, which means `pnpm test` passes, and coverage is 100%.

> To help you execute your tests, here are some helper commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use these commands to help run your tests:
```

> - To run a single test file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To run a single test folder
  ```bash
  pnpm jest platform/gitlab
  ```
- To run a single test file
```

> - to execute a single test file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To run a single test file
```

  ```bash

>   pnpm run jest ./lib/modules/platform/gitlab/index.spec.ts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  pnpm jest platform/gitlab/index
```

  ```

> - to execute a single test batch, the `-t` value should be part of the `describe` value of the test batch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To run a single test batch, the `-t` value must be part of the `describe` value of the test batch
```

  ```bash

>   pnpm run jest ./lib/modules/platform/gitlab/index.spec.ts -t "getJsonFile"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  pnpm run jest platform/gitlab/index -t "getJsonFile"
```

  ```

> - to execute a single test, the `-t` value should be part of the `it` value of the test batch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To run a single test, the `-t` value must be part of the `it` value of the test batch
```

  ```bash

>   pnpm run jest ./lib/modules/platform/gitlab/index.spec.ts -t "returns file content from given repo"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  pnpm jest platform/gitlab/index -t "returns file content from given repo"
```

That way you can be sure that the maintainer(s) agree on what to change and how, and you can hopefully get a quick merge afterwards.
Also, let the maintainers know that you plan to work on a particular issue so that no one else starts any duplicate work.

### Tests

Pull Requests can only be merged once all status checks are green, which means `pnpm test` passes, and coverage is 100%.

Use these commands to help run your tests:

> - To run a single test folder
>   ```bash
>   pnpm jest platform/gitlab
>   ```bash
>   pnpm jest platform/gitlab/index
>   ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To run a single test folder
  ```bash
  pnpm jest platform/gitlab
  ```
- to run against a single test file
  ```bash
  pnpm jest platform/gitlab/index
  ```
```

That way you can be sure that the maintainer(s) agree on what to change and how, and you can hopefully get a quick merge afterwards.
Also, let the maintainers know that you plan to work on a particular issue so that no one else starts any duplicate work.

### Tests

Pull Requests can only be merged once all status checks are green, which means `pnpm test` passes, and coverage is 100%.

Use these commands to help run your tests:

- To run a single test folder, specify the path
  
  ```bash
  pnpm jest platform/gitlab
  ```
  
- To run against a single test file, specify down to the filename (suffix is not necessary)

  ```bash
  pnpm jest platform/gitlab/index
  ```
  
- To run a single test batch, the `-t` value must be part of the `describe` value of the test batch

  ```bash

>   pnpm run jest platform/gitlab/index -t "getJsonFile"

Author: ```suggestion
  pnpm jest platform/gitlab/index -t "getJsonFile"
```
